hey what's up hoax goobers I'm just
gonna start this video by saying this is
in no way sponsored or provided for but
you guys have been requesting like crazy
and my curiosity kind of got the best of
me to review fashion over activewear
today Leo and I are gonna take you guys
shopping with us and buy shopping I mean
we all sit at my kitchen counter
together and shop online just fashion
Nova even have physical locations I
don't know but here we go
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa walls so
much velvet
[Music]
and their sizes range from extra small
size 1 to extra large size 15 rolls gold
lounge set I think I need that look at
these girls proportions I feel like they
look bomb in these leggings and I'm
gonna order them and I'm just gonna look
like a potato oh my gosh I'm obsessed
with this ooh this is cute too
so far I'm really digging their sports
bras I actually hate those I actually
hate everything about these ones
okay these are fascinating how do these
even work I have to get them and find
out okay I don't know if I like this set
or if I just like her but I'm getting it
either way no it's also that now I feel
like I'm just getting into this section
of the website it's just tacky
well excuse me what who wears that to
the gym so I think that I have a good
mix here $400 but at least I get free
shipping oh but do you think they work
like are you a little bit curious I'm
all about curious let's go with the
medium hey hopes copers so here's the
deal I have a whole lot of stuff here
that I don't really want to keep and
fashion Nova only accepts returns for
store credit
so rather than keep the store credit for
myself I'm just gonna do a giveaway so
I'm gonna be giving away gift cards to
fashion Nova over on my Instagram so
make sure to go follow hope scope
official for the rules there's like two
of them it's really easy okay that's all
fashion Nova has arrived wait that's
right we're taking things to the floor
today at hope scope so we have some
extra room to spread out make ourselves
comfortable here's the deal I feel kinda
like these sites are starting to become
a dime-a-dozen fashion Nova misguided
pretty little things love culture I'm
not saying I won't test each and every
one of them for you guys if you want me
to before we go any farther make sure to
subscribe to Leo and I so you don't miss
out on your hope scopes all you gotta do
is push that little red button down
there right below me it's free it's war
but I got everything that I'm showing
you guys today in a size small and of
course every single item will be linked
down below in this Crenn whoa
I swear these were not this neon when I
ordered them they are called the Angelus
seamless active legging in neon coral
these were $12.99 just from the looks of
it even that is a bit of a stretch price
twice they're not awful they're made
from a 92 percent polyester and 8%
spandex so have a nice four-way stretch
to them they also come in gray and black
a neon coral their high rise and then
they also have this little zipper on the
back whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
the website says their polyester spandex
this here says their nylon spandex which
I believe that they do have that nylon e
really thin stretchy kind of sheer feel
to them false advertising they
Robertson's shorts these were $17.99
honestly I just got these because I
wanted to see if I looked like her in
them nope I sure don't they're really
soft though the linty active sports bra
I'll be totally honest the only reason I
paid $19.99 for this bra is the hood
when you're going to the gym at 7:00 in
the rave is at 9:00
okay but why name it Linda Linda is like
the ultimate soccer mom name okay okay
real talk this is not a bad sports bra
at all it's really comfy I really like
the Marbley design as like you low-cut
out on the back solid medium support
what do you guys think would you wear
this cast your votes below next we have
the Robertson velour velvet set now
these are actually sold separately it's
like 56 dollars for the both of them we
got it pants
we got a hoodie okay I feel like Elmo
they are so stinkin soft late Phillies
they feel them are they worth almost $30
a piece me are they fun yeah this washer
has this cute little tie bottom dealio
happening not that it matters because I
lose every single tie immediately the
first time I wash anything lead you want
to feel it now feel it so what do you
think okay next we have the easiest
could be jogger in dark mop these were
$14.99 that is a pretty color designed
in Los Angeles but was a produced in Los
Angeles nope these also come in black
grey and an olive color they're made
from a polyester cotton so they are nice
and plushy I really like the texture of
the outside of the sweats but the inside
sucks like ruff I like it they're pretty
darn cute though they have a 26 inch
inseam which for gals like me is not
ideal because I'm a little bit on the
taller side and I don't love for my
joggers to look like complete floods on
me I like the cute cream elastic waist
tie though adds some nice contrast oh
we've got a real showstopper coming up
next these are the JAC shorts and he was
a packaging on this one is eccentric
they were $19.99 and believe it or not
there is a matching cropped hoodie that
is just as extra this is a French terry
short with fishnet I mean what's that
boy I mean it got phenom abused in fact
everything got phenom reviews I am
starting to think maybe their reviews
and comments are heavily filtered
because I haven't seen anything on the
site with less than 5 stars and come on
you mean to tell me that every person
that ordered these loved how they looked
and felt upon trying them on I don't buy
it so you have your elastic waistband
and then I was really curious as to if
the fishnet was like sewn in underwear
nah bro it's just like sewn into the
waistband like that here's the problem
when I wear them up on my waist
this parts too big but then when I pull
them down just like emphasizes muffin
top they have these nice big pockets on
the sides but I don't know that you
would be buying these to work out in any
way alright let's get into some more
wearable stuff we have the Norma active
sports bra this was $24.99 yeah this is
cute these are my favorite types of
sports bras that are like long enough
that they can kind of double as a crop
top it comes in this really pretty
lavender floral pattern it's kind of
giving me like pops likes vibes
it's made from a nylon spandex material
despite that though it's kind of stiff I
don't know if it's the actual material
or just because there's just so much
going on it's definitely a light support
sports bra it has this thick elastic
waistband running along the bottom there
are removable cut pads in here but just
overall it's not like insanely
supportive all right we've got another
set this is an actual activewear set
though these are actually sold
separately and individually they are
around 25 99 they are called the first
base and I thought easy as can be was a
sexual name match active sports leggings
and bra but wait till you see this bra
cute huh man this whole set runs pretty
small there are some snap crackle pop so
when I put it on but it has this super
cute mesh top and then I absolutely
the side cutouts at the bottom has a
nice thick elastic band at the bottom
removable cut pads solid medium support
sports bra racerback and then as for the
matching leggings these are a mid-rise
legging they have these nice mesh
cutouts that run up the leg Oh
turns out it's a foot see bottom I don't
understand footsie bottoms like unless
you are dancing or doing yoga they're
they're awful like trap shoving this in
your Nike it doesn't feel good luckily
this is the type of foot sea-bottom that
I think you could leave it tucked out
and you'd be just fine just adds a
little bit of like extra length to it
they're made from a nylon spandex CR
squat proof they feel like they last you
a decent amount of wears alright we got
one more sports bra the Ioannina
Ioannina performance active sports bra
this was $24.99 it's black it has this
mesh racerback
it does have removable cut pads solid
medium support I love this I wish that
it came in a million colors and I would
buy every single one of them
this was $24.99 and it actually reminds
me a lot of the Clio Harper Coco bras
and those are like $60 this is a nylon
spandex material but it has kind of more
like a Connie feel to it next we have
the slit bit sweatshirt in ivory
it was $29.99 I love this it has this
nice crop and then these elbow slits are
so cute it also comes in black and gray
stuff like this is my favorite to wear
to the gym and walk in look and fly and
get all warmed up and then to get off
this next one it's kind of crazy I just
couldn't say no to it though the your
fantasies metallic lounge set in rose
gold this is my actual fantasy to just
be wrapped head-to-toe in rose gold
there's also nothing stealthy about this
outfit like can you hear that
it was 49.99 smells like it smells like
paint this is so freakin fun I don't
know where it would ever be appropriate
to wear this but I'm obsessed with it
the bottoms are a jogger style they just
have an elastic waistband and they also
do have some pockets on the side is this
set
worth $50 heavens no but I had to try it
the last pair of leggings that I got are
the Christina active leggings in the
color Burgundy
oh these feels so nice these were $27.99
these are by far the best find from the
whole haul this fabric is so soft
there's your basic pocket style legging
they also come in dark blue and olive
they are very high rise they have the
two mesh pockets on the side as well as
a actually decent size pocket on the
back of the waistband they have these
really cute cutouts that come up the
side of the leg they also have the
horseshoe stitching on the bum they're
made from a polyester spandex material
and they're seriously so soft and they
are definitely squat proof oh did you
guys think I forgot this is the butt
lifter boy short it was $9.99 so it is
just entirely made out of mesh so these
also come in beige maybe I should have
gone with the beige would have been a
little more discreet the site does say
that they run small so I'm glad I made
the spontaneous decision to size up it
claims they're sexy comfortable and
invisible let's see just how invisible
oh my goodness I think it's working oh
this is what all of the Instagram
fitness models do they secretly wear
these I think this hypothesis needs to
be tested I think it actually is working
it gives me like a shelf booty though
thank you guys so much for watching
would I recommend fashion Nova yes
would I say go crazy like I did no I
would wait until you can find some sort
of code or sale if I can find anything
I'll make sure to leave it in the
scription for you Oh Polly I was so over
this make sure to give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it that helps
leo and I paint the bills and I'll see
you guys in the next toast
say bye to